Story Recapped here.
Today I'm going to explain a supernatural
horror film called The Forest.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take careSara Price, an American
woman in her early thirties, has a nightmare
about her twin sister, Jess, who lives in
Japan, and is a teacher.
She decides to go to Japan to know more about
the disappearance of her twin after receiving
a phone call from a Japanese police officer
informing her that the school where Jess teaches
filed a missing person report.
Despite her fiance, Rob, assuring her that
Jess is okay, Sara is sure that something
is off, and her twin needs her.
At a dinner with Rob's boss, Sara seems bothered
by the news and is unfocused on the conversation
while they dine.
According to the police officer, Jess was
last seen in the Aokigahara Forest, an infamous
place where numerous people take their own
lives.
According to the officer, people who leave
the path to go into the forest alone do not
want to be found.
Sara is in complete disbelief as she looks
at their childhood picture with utter sadness.
She dismisses the words of the officer and
says that her sister is alive.
Rob makes an effort to stop Sara from leaving
by saying that the situation is a typical
"Jess move."
Sara arrives at the airport and tries to contact
Jess, but she is sent to voicemail directly.
She takes a cab to her accommodation and sees
the vibrant city.
While looking outside, she could not help
but be worried about her twin.
While looking at a building, an older man
heavily taps the cab's window, which gives
Sara a big fright.
The older man laughs and runs away.
She arrives at her hotel room; the cityscape
amazes her, but it is not enough to put a
smile on her face.
That night, she walks around the city to stop
by a restaurant and grab a meal.
She ends up at a sushi place; the chef serves
her a plate of raw seafood that is still moving.
This puts her in a culture shock, so she decides
to leave as other people in the restaurant
make fun of her.
Back in the room, she looks at old pictures
and videos of Jess.
She obviously misses her twin while reminiscing
their moments through her laptop.
Out of curiosity, she looks up to the Aokigahara
Forest; disturbing images appear, so she puts
her computer aside because she could not handle
it.
That night, she has a dream about being in
a house.
A voice calls her name, but no one seems to
be around.
She descends to the basement and sees a yellow
tent with a child's shadow.
She comes near it to unzip the tent.
She sees the young Jess, but her face disfigures,
and she lets out a disturbing shriek.
Sara wakes up the following day and visits
the school where Jess used to teach.
She approaches her twin's classroom to take
a look at her former students.
Upon opening the door, the students instantly
panic because they have no idea that Jess
has a twin.
At the principal's office, one of the students
apologizes for being afraid of Sara earlier.
Sara asks why she was scared.
The student replies by saying that it was
because she knows that Jess went into Aokigahara.
The student adds that she thought Sara was
a "yurei" or a ghost.
The principal explains that the forest used
to be a place where families would bring elderly
women, the blind, or the sick and leave them
to die.
Sara asks why the school would take a class
trip there.
The principal says that Mount Fuji is one
of the most important places in Japan, and
Aokigahara is simply part of the mountain;
thus, the school trips are made for historical
learning purposes.
The student interrupts by saying that spirits
do not rest there; they come back angry.
Sara takes a look at Jess's room.
She sees a picture of them when they were
young, and it instantly makes her recall their
happy moments together.
Sara holds back her tears while looking at
her stuff.
She spots antidepressants and maps of the
forest as well.
Sara rides a train to get to the forest in
hopes to get answers.
She recalls another flashback of her and Jess
packing things for her big move.
Sara arrives at the Aokigahara Station and
walks through the road.
She stumbles upon a small service centre in
the woods.
A receptionist welcomes her with a big and
friendly smile.
Sara gets to the point right away and asks
the receptionist if she has seen Jess.
She says that Jess is "here".
Sara is confused and excited to hear that
she has a lead on Jess.
However, the receptionist brings her to the
basement, which is far from Sara's expectations.
She comes down slowly and gradually comes
to terms with the fact that her twin is gone.
The receptionist informs her that this is
where they store the bodies they find in the
forest.
Someone guards the basement at all times,
or else the spirits will scream all night.
A funky smell welcomes Sara as she sees numerous
bodies covered in sheets.
Someone calls the receptionist upstairs, so
she attends to it, making Sara alone in a
room full of cold bodies.
She hears a subtle sound and comes near a
body.
She reveals the sheet and sees a decaying
corpse.
This freaks her out, so she rushes upstairs
to tell the lady that the body does not belong
to her twin.
She explains that her twin is not dead but
is only lost in the forest.
The receptionist repeatedly tells her not
to leave the path as the forest is dangerous.
While waiting for a ride outside, another
worker at the service centre, Sakura, informs
Sara that the cellular signal is not that
strong up there.
Sara asks Sakura to guide her into the forest,
and in return, she will pay her.
Sakura replies by saying that the forest is
filled with "yurei", which can easily trick
people who leave the path.
According to her, when someone who has sadness
in their heart gets lost in the forest, the
"yurei" will use it against the person.
These entities can make you see things and
make you want to die.
Sara is still unconvinced and does not show
the slightest emotion of fear.
She makes her way to her hotel on foot.
The